url: https://www.sarwa.co/blog/press-release-uae-based-fintech-startup-sarwa-raises-84m-series-a-funding-round-led-by-kipco/
final_url: https://www.sarwa.co/blog/press-release-uae-based-fintech-startup-sarwa-raises-84m-series-a-funding-round-led-by-kipco
fetched_at: 2026-09-13T14:10:33+00:00
status: ok
http_status: 200
title: Sarwa raises $8.4M Series A funding round led by KIPCO - Sarwa
error: 
---
Sarwa raises $8.4M Series A funding round led by KIPCO - Sarwa
Help desk
Help desk
Home
Trade
Invest
Crypto
Save
Pricing
Try us out
Login
Login
Login
Home
Invest
Trade
Crypto
Save
Pricing
FAQ
Privacy policy
Data management
Contact
Try us out!
A New Round of Fintech Investment Means Affordable Investing for All!
The Sarwa team has been in talks with regional and international investors and announced that they raised more than US$ 8.4 million.
We are Sarwa
A one-stop shop for self-directed trading and auto-investing. We're making powerful money management tools available for all.
Learn more.
More funds injection means more people will know about how to better invest, faster. The Sarwa team has been in talks with major regional and international investors and we are happy to announce that it’s a wrap!
The investment round is complete: Sarwa raised more than US$ 8.4 million and what is even more exciting is the list of investors and strategic partners who joined us.
This round is a testament to the progress we made towards helping everyone in the region optimize his/her personal finance. It shows that during the past year, we worked hard on improving on existing features and added more products to our already existing compelling list, while staying true to our mission: working on putting an end to expensive savings plans and making investing transparent and available to all.
There is still so much we want to do. Today we announce this new round led by Kuwait Projects Company (Holding), also known as KIPCO – a massive regional investment holding group with consolidated assets of more than US$ 30 Billion – joined by leading investors such as Abu Dhabi Investment Office, Vision Ventures from Saudi, Hambro Perks from the UK, as well as our great existing list of investors that were part of the previous rounds, and believed in us from the beginning.
With the support of such strategic partners, we are strengthening our position in the UAE, and working on further progressing with our expansion plan. This new round brings Sarwa’s total funding to over US$ 10 million since its inception in December of 2017 by our Co-founders Mark Chahwan, Jad Sayegh and Nadine Mezher. Sarwa was the first firm within the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) to be granted an Innovation Testing License and was part of the first cohort of DIFC FinTech Hive. Now, Sarwa is growing, strong and fast.
Another meaningful milestone: it is the first time that a regional investment group collaborates with a regional Fintech. KIPCO’s move confirms that it is the right time for the market to move towards affordable, accessible investing. In parallel, KIPCO, through its regional presence, will support us in our growth to new markets.
What did everyone have to say about it? We asked!
“The coming together of a large institution that understands how to build leading asset managers, with the first licensed Fintech out here sets a great example for the region. This is a vote of confidence from a Financial Institution that decided to collaborate with a team they trust to deliver superior client experiences and investment returns in wealth management’, Mark Chahwan, our CEO.’ All our partners believe in what we are trying to achieve: making investing as smart and simple as can be and allowing anyone to grow their wealth and build for a better future.”
“KIPCO is delighted to be making its first fintech investment in Sarwa, which shares our belief in the need to encourage more people in the region to save by making available more accessible and reliable investment platforms. Sarwa speaks the language of the younger generation, an important and growing untapped segment. Our investment will give Sarwa access to KIPCO’s network of businesses and clients across the region, thus enabling the fintech company to benefit from our regional presence as we strive together to grow the business and expand its reach.” Osama T. Al Ghoussein, KIPCO SVP Banking and Sarwa Board Member.
With ADIO joining the round, we are also expanding to Abu Dhabi where the company is growing its tech team to include the brightest talents.
Dr. Tariq Bin Hendi, Director General of the Abu Dhabi Investment Office (ADIO) said:
“Sarwa is among a new wave of tech startups that are thriving in the UAE as our FinTech sector continues to flourish. ADIO’s funding will enable Sarwa to expand its UAE operations, creating new opportunities for employment in Abu Dhabi’s tech sector. We are committed to supporting innovation-led businesses to establish and grow in the emirate of Abu Dhabi through our Ventures Fund.”
Also, commenting on the announcement, Sharif El-Badawi, Managing Partner at 500 Startups MENA said:
“As the future of digital wealth grows exponentially, we are delighted to be part of Sarwa, one of the first robo-advisories that has consistently shown potential in delivering results. We have been impressed by Sarwa’s achievements since the seed round and we are pleased to support their business growth in 2020 and beyond. Our investment perfectly fits our growth strategy of investing in companies at the forefront of technology and we look forward to working closely with a strong team to help accelerate growth to build a category leader.”
As part of their investment in the region, Ali Qaiser, Managing Director at Hambro Perks added:
“As a tech-enabled financial platform with strong growth in the region, Sarwa is an excellent addition to our portfolio. Hambro Perks backs game-changing companies and Sarwa has the potential to reinvent its sector. This is the first of many investments Hambro Perks plans to make in the Gulf in 2020 and we are excited that Sarwa is our steppingstone here.”
Amazing. We also plan on continuing to fight expensive, non-transparent saving plans and to expand into new markets including Saudi, assisted by our strategic partners such as Vision Venture, Hala Ventures and Angel Investor Musaab Hussain Nasser Hakami.
Meanwhile, Shorooq Investment’s Kunal Savjani, Partner, also added:
“Shorooq has had the privilege to witness Sarwa’s journey from the very beginning and are proud to see it as the leading investment robo-advisory firm it has become today. Armed with an incredible momentum and this strong financing round, we are confident Sarwa will accelerate exponentially and continue to unlock the opportunity for consumers in the region to simplify their financial lives”
Because of all of you, we had an incredible 2019: the company grew by more than 10X and is looking forward to building on this momentum, providing new products for our ever growing community in the year ahead.
List of all investors:
KIPCO – Kuwait
500 Falcons by 500 Startups – California
Shorooq Partners – UAE
Hambro Perks – UK
Abu Dhabi Investment Office (ADIO) Abu Dhabi
Dubai International Financial Center (DIFC) – Dubai
Middle East Venture Partners. – Regional
Vision Ventures – Saudi
SANED Equity Partners – Lebanon
Hala Ventures – Saudi
Mindshift Capital Management LLC – UAE
WAIN Dubai BVI Limited – UAE
More Capital – Lebanon
VSQ Capital – UAE
Mindshift Capital – UAE
Phoenician Funds – Lebanon
Ready to invest in your future?
Start now
Ready to invest in your future? Talk to our advisory team, we will be happy to help.
Start now
Important Disclosure:
The information provided in this blog is for general informational purposes only. It should not be considered as personalised investment advice. Each investor should do their due diligence before making any decision that may impact their financial situation and should have an investment strategy that reflects their risk profile and goals. The examples provided are for illustrative purposes. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Data shared from third parties is obtained from what are considered reliable sources; however, it cannot be guaranteed. Any articles, daily news, analysis, and/or other information contained in the blog should not be relied upon for investment purposes. The content provided is neither an offer to sell nor purchase any security. Opinions, news, research, analysis, prices, or other information contained on our Blog Services, or emailed to you, are provided as general market commentary. Sarwa does not warrant that the information is accurate, reliable or complete. Any third-party information provided does not reflect the views of Sarwa. Sarwa shall not be liable for any losses arising directly or indirectly from misuse of information. Each decision as to whether a self-directed investment is appropriate or proper is an independent decision by the reader. All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money invested.
Post navigation
Previous Previous post:
The 5 Smartest Things to Do With Your Year-End Bonus
Next Next post: Financial Moves to Make When You Know You’re Having a Child
Home
Invest
Trade
Crypto
Save
Pricing
FAQ
Privacy policy
Data management
Contact
About
Sarwa is an investing and money management platform on a mission to help everyone put their money to work. The one-stop app offers hands-off auto-investing with Sarwa Invest, do-it-yourself trading of stocks, ETFs, and crypto with Sarwa Trade, as well as high-yield low risk estimated returns with Sarwa Save.
Social
Sarwa seeks to encourage and educate the public about the different aspects of personal finance and investment in a way that's tailored to the needs of today's professionals. Support us by following us on social media, and receive our blog posts on your feed.
Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited is regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (“FSRA”) in the Abu Dhabi Global Markets (“ADGM”) and holds a Category 3C license with a Retail Client and Holding and Controlling Clients Investments and Money Endorsement. Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited’s registered address is 16-104 & 16-114, 16th Floor, WeWok Hub71, Al Khatem Tower, Abu Dhabi Global Market, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
https://www.adgm.com/public-registers/fsra/fsf/sarwa-digital-wealth-capital-limited
All Promotional materials are provided from/by Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited and is intended only for jurisdictions where it is authorised to provide services and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to provide services in any jurisdiction where it is not permitted to do so. Sarwa is not a bank. We can unlock high-yield accounts through our banking partners. Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all customers and may involve the potential of losing the entire investment in a relatively short period of time. Sarwa does not hold an Islamic Window endorsement from the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (FSRA). Clients are advised to conduct their own due diligence to ensure that investments align with their personal requirements.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Historical returns, expected returns, and probability projections are provided for informational and illustrative purposes and may not reflect actual future performance. Information contained on this website is of a general nature only and does not consider your financial objectives or personal circumstances. All investing involves risk, including the possible loss of money you invest.
Please visit our Disclaimer Notice page for further information.
© 2020-2026 Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited. All rights reserved.
Top
3179