url: https://www.sarwa.co/blog/sarwacos-story/
final_url: https://www.sarwa.co/blog/sarwacos-story
fetched_at: 2026-09-13T13:58:29+00:00
status: ok
http_status: 200
title: Sarwa’s story - Sarwa
error: 
---
Sarwa’s story - Sarwa
Help desk
Help desk
Home
Trade
Invest
Crypto
Save
Pricing
Try us out
Login
Login
Login
Home
Invest
Trade
Crypto
Save
Pricing
FAQ
Privacy policy
Data management
Contact
Try us out!
The Story behind Sarwa
Changing the perception that investment is a luxury in the region: The team aims to allow everyone to invest in international stock markets.
We are Sarwa
A one-stop shop for self-directed trading and auto-investing. We're making powerful money management tools available for all.
Learn more.
Mark Chahwan (CEO) & Jad Sayegh (CTO)
Investing can be complicated. Sometimes even intimidating.
There is so much information out there on where to invest, what to invest in, new trends and buzz words; and it is coming from all around: articles, blogs, news feed… WHY DIDN’T I INVEST IN BITCOIN??!
We try to find the right investment, to understand how to start while attempting to shun all the noise around us. It is not easy. That’s why so many people put investing in the backroom of their mind; something to do later, when they have time and can focus.
That’s where the problem lies. We are busy with work, studies, family, life. There is always something happening, always a bill to pay, and ever so often not enough money put aside. The sad reality is people are missing out on an opportunity where their money can do the hard work for them.
“Money makes money. And the money that money makes, makes more money.” –Ben Franklin.
You nailed it, Ben.
Our generation is one that needs to work harder in a global market where competition keeps increasing and the future, let’s face it, is full of the unexpected. We still however want to live a purposeful life: enjoy the work we do, buy our dream house, travel the world, make sure we have enough set aside to take care of the ‘future us’. Can we do it? Of course.
The problem we’re solving
Traditionally, financial services have been reserved to a small number of the population. With high account minimums and high fees, it is not catered to everyone.
In 2015, The Efma World Retail Banking report revealed that Canada ranked as the #1 country for customer experience, while the UAE was in the bottom 10 countries.
Efma-Capgemini World Retail Banking 2015 Extract
We were based in Canada at the time, Mark was advising Canadian banks on digital transformation, while Jad worked at a high-speed hedge fund developing proprietary trading algorithms.
Having grown up in the Middle East, we had the desire to bring something of great value to the community. Given the lack of innovation in the Financial Services industry in the UAE, we decided to take a deeper dive.
What’s driving this massive mismatch between digital banking experience and consumer digitization with 94% of the population being active internet users?
Nadine, third co-founder & CMO, sharing the rules of investing (and croissants) at the Sarwa Fintech Breakfast Club
To answer this question, Nadine joined us as a third co-founder with a deep understanding of the market and what it takes to build long-term, trusted relationships with customers. While we were working in Canada, Nadine was in the UAE working on retail strategy and consumer research. We interviewed dozens of our friends and family working here, and the patterns of poor customer experience and why people weren’t investing their money became obvious:
· They don’t know where to start
· The process is too long, too complicated
· They don’t think they have enough money to start with
· The fees are too high and lacked transparency
· Wealth managers failed to beat their benchmarks
· They were afraid that their money will be locked in expat investment traps
These came back time and again with almost every person we talked to. They all wanted access to a personalized investment solution, and it became clear to us that whatever solution we built needed to be simple, accessible and at a fraction of the cost.
And so Sarwa.co was born.
Acceleration
We knew that democratizing investing wasn’t going to be easy, so we joined forces with the Fintech Hive at DIFC, the region’s first 12-week fintech accelerator, to shape the future of innovation in UAE Fintech.
Sarwa + Karl, Lisa and John from Visa’s Innovation & Strategic Partnerships Team
Through the hive, we collaborated and received amazing advice from industry leaders such as HSBC, VISA and DIEDC to refine our platform. We put together a dream-team, adding Thomas, a web-developer to the team, and established an advisory board including a finance PhD at MIT, the CEO of National Bank of Canada Insurance, and an adviser of the Executive Office of Dubai. We incorporated in the Top 10 Financial centers in the world, and received a license to innovate from a top tier regulator, the DFSA. More importantly, we got the opportunity to engage with 100s of young professionals (our target audience) who are looking for a better and simpler way to grow their wealth.
So how are we doing this?
Our mission is to empower people to live the life they want with expert affordable investing.
We do this by using proven passive investment strategies layered with our state of the art technology to give our clients the best returns. We diversify their investments in global markets to reach their goals faster and minimize the risk they face.
We do this at a fraction of the costs of traditional wealth management, so the money saved can be invested and put back to work. Dividends are automatically reinvested too. You can find more details on how it works on our website.
Sneak-peak of the platform, join the waitlist at www.sarwa.co!
We’re extremely excited to launch in the upcoming weeks. Thank you for reading our story and we hope you will join us!
Ready to invest in your future? Talk to our advisory team, we will be happy to help.
Start now
Important Disclosure:
The information provided in this blog is for general informational purposes only. It should not be considered as personalised investment advice. Each investor should do their due diligence before making any decision that may impact their financial situation and should have an investment strategy that reflects their risk profile and goals. The examples provided are for illustrative purposes. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Data shared from third parties is obtained from what are considered reliable sources; however, it cannot be guaranteed. Any articles, daily news, analysis, and/or other information contained in the blog should not be relied upon for investment purposes. The content provided is neither an offer to sell nor purchase any security. Opinions, news, research, analysis, prices, or other information contained on our Blog Services, or emailed to you, are provided as general market commentary. Sarwa does not warrant that the information is accurate, reliable or complete. Any third-party information provided does not reflect the views of Sarwa. Sarwa shall not be liable for any losses arising directly or indirectly from misuse of information. Each decision as to whether a self-directed investment is appropriate or proper is an independent decision by the reader. All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money invested.
Post navigation
Next Next post: Wealth management – How it’s evolving
Home
Invest
Trade
Crypto
Save
Pricing
FAQ
Privacy policy
Data management
Contact
About
Sarwa is an investing and money management platform on a mission to help everyone put their money to work. The one-stop app offers hands-off auto-investing with Sarwa Invest, do-it-yourself trading of stocks, ETFs, and crypto with Sarwa Trade, as well as high-yield low risk estimated returns with Sarwa Save.
Social
Sarwa seeks to encourage and educate the public about the different aspects of personal finance and investment in a way that's tailored to the needs of today's professionals. Support us by following us on social media, and receive our blog posts on your feed.
Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited is regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (“FSRA”) in the Abu Dhabi Global Markets (“ADGM”) and holds a Category 3C license with a Retail Client and Holding and Controlling Clients Investments and Money Endorsement. Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited’s registered address is 16-104 & 16-114, 16th Floor, WeWok Hub71, Al Khatem Tower, Abu Dhabi Global Market, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
https://www.adgm.com/public-registers/fsra/fsf/sarwa-digital-wealth-capital-limited
All Promotional materials are provided from/by Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited and is intended only for jurisdictions where it is authorised to provide services and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to provide services in any jurisdiction where it is not permitted to do so. Sarwa is not a bank. We can unlock high-yield accounts through our banking partners. Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all customers and may involve the potential of losing the entire investment in a relatively short period of time. Sarwa does not hold an Islamic Window endorsement from the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (FSRA). Clients are advised to conduct their own due diligence to ensure that investments align with their personal requirements.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Historical returns, expected returns, and probability projections are provided for informational and illustrative purposes and may not reflect actual future performance. Information contained on this website is of a general nature only and does not consider your financial objectives or personal circumstances. All investing involves risk, including the possible loss of money you invest.
Please visit our Disclaimer Notice page for further information.
© 2020-2026 Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited. All rights reserved.
Top
2393