url: https://markchahwan.substack.com/about
final_url: https://markchahwan.substack.com/about
fetched_at: 2026-09-16T12:33:56+00:00
status: ok
http_status: 200
title: About - Mark Chahwan
error: 
---
About - Mark Chahwan
Mark Chahwan
SubscribeSign in
Home
Notes
Archive
About
Build with me
I co-founded a leading investment platform in the UAE, Sarwa. Building a company with great colleagues, meeting smart people, and learning a lot along the way.
This newsletter is a place to share those reflections, with anyone who finds value in the real, unpolished stuff behind the scenes.
Some weeks, it’s a line from a colleague. Other times, it’s a founder insight, a tough decision, or a market shift that forces a rethink.
What You'll Get
Each week or two, I’ll share a few things I’ve learned. From building, leading, and navigating markets.
You can expect:
Notes from founder and investor conversations
Behind-the-scenes lessons from building Sarwa
Customer signals and market shifts I’m paying attention to
Thoughts on trust, money, decision-making
Personal learnings and reflections
What to Expect
→ Weekly (-ish) newsletter: What I Learned This Week
Short and practical. 2–3 takeaways from real conversations, decisions, or observations.
→ Occasional essays
Sometimes a topic deserves more than a paragraph. When it does, I’ll go deeper, with stories, frameworks, or hard-earned lessons.
→ Events and deeper dives (coming soon)
I’m exploring formats like founder Q&As, and community meet-ups/chat. For now, the newsletter is the core.
Why Now?
There’s more content than ever.
More opinions. More noise. Especially with AI.
But what we actually want isn’t more information.
We want something real, trusted, and grounded.
This newsletter isn’t repackaged trendwatching or thought leadership.
It’s NOT optimized for reach or virality.
It’s built for people who value insight from someone doing the work.
I’ll share what I’m seeing: customer signals, product decisions, founder conversations, and market shifts.
If you’re building, investing, or leading, I hope you find value in it.
Subscribe
Subscribe to Mark Chahwan
I’m building a category-defining investing platform. Subscribe to learn from the journey.
Subscribe
People
© 2026 Mark · Privacy ∙ Terms ∙ Collection notice
Start your SubstackGet the app
Substack is the home for great culture