url: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/introducing-the-last-cohort-of-aws-heroes-this-year-november-2024/
final_url: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/introducing-the-last-cohort-of-aws-heroes-this-year-november-2024/
fetched_at: 2026-09-15T11:41:41+00:00
status: ok
http_status: 200
title: Introducing the last cohort of AWS Heroes this year – November 2024 | AWS News Blog x facebook linkedin instagram twitch youtube podcasts email
error: 
---
Introducing the last cohort of AWS Heroes this year – November 2024 | AWS News Blog
Skip to Main Content
Filter: All
English
Contact us
AWS Marketplace
Support
My account
re:Invent
Discover AWS
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Resources
Search
Filter: All
Sign in to console
Create account
Explore topics
Event
Register now for AWS re:Invent 2026
Data Migration
On-prem databases weren't built for agentic AI. Amazon RDS is
Independent Software Vendors
AI for software & tech: build, scale, and monetize
AI for Small Businesses
Solutions designed for your business. Delivered by AWS Partners
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Accelerate AI from experimentation to production with AWS
AI agents
AgentCore: One platform to build, connect and optimize agents
News & announcements
AWS blog
About AWS
AWS is the world's most comprehensive cloud, enabling organizations to accelerate innovation, reduce costs, and scale more efficiently
Why AWS
Getting Started
Security
Compliance
Trust Center
Sustainability
Global Infrastructure
Featured Products
Analytics
Application Integration
Artificial Intelligence
Business Applications
Compute
Customer Experience
Databases
Developer Tools
End User Computing
Game Tech
Management Tools
Media Services
Migration & Modernization
Multicloud & Hybrid
Networking & Content Delivery
Operations
Security & Identity
Storage
Supply Chain
Browse all products
Featured Products
Get started with one of these featured services or browse all
Browse all products
Amazon Quick
AI-powered assistant for work with research, business insights, automation, and no-code app building
Transform
Eliminate tech debt with agentic AI to modernize legacy systems and code
Aurora
Serverless relational database service for PostgreSQL, MySQL, and DSQL
Amazon Bedrock
The end-to-end platform for building generative AI applications and agents
Amazon Connect Customer
AI-native solution for delivering exceptional experiences across customer interactions
EC2
Secure and resizable compute capacity for virtually any workload
Nova
Foundation models delivering frontier intelligence and top price performance
OpenSearch Service
Real-time search, observability, and security analytics
S3
Virtually unlimited secure object storage for AI, analytics, and archives
What’s new
Explore new capabilities and the latest technologies
Customer success stories
Learn how customers around the world accelerate their cloud
By industry
By organization type
Solutions Library
Industry solutions on AWS
Transform your industry with AWS cloud solutions. Access proven architectures, compliance guides, and success stories of customers using AWS products tailored to your sector. Explore AWS solutions for your industry.
Go to industry hub
Advertising and Marketing
Turn data into customer-winning campaigns
Aerospace and Satellite
Cloud solutions to help customers build satellites, conduct space and launch operations, and reimagine space exploration
Automotive
Build smarter vehicles and transform mobility with cloud solutions
Education
Solutions to help facilitate teaching, learning, student engagement, better learning outcomes and modernize IT operations
Energy and Utilities
Revamp legacy operations and accelerate the development of innovative renewable energy business models
Financial Services
Develop innovative and secure solutions across banking, capital markets, insurance, and payments
Games
Enable game development for every genre and platform, from AAA titles to indie studios
Government
Solutions designed to help government agencies modernize, meet mandates, reduce costs, and deliver mission outcomes
Healthcare and Life Sciences
Accelerate innovation and improve patient care with healthcare data management and security
Industrial
Services and solutions for customers across Manufacturing, Automotive, Energy, Power & Utilities, Transportation & Logistics
Manufacturing
Optimize production and speed time-to-market
Media and Entertainment
Transform media & entertainment with the most purpose-built capabilities and partner solutions of any cloud
Nonprofit
Cloud solutions to help nonprofits and NGOs maximize their mission impact and donor relationships
Retail and Consumer Goods
Empower brands to drive market differentiation and growth with cloud solutions
Semiconductor
Design and deliver next-generation chip solutions with cloud technology
Sports
Fuel innovative fan, broadcast, and athlete experiences
Sustainability
Tools and resources to help organizations achieve their sustainability goals with AWS
Telecommunications
Accelerate innovation, scale with confidence, and add agility with cloud-based telecom solutions
Travel and Hospitality
Elevate travel and hospitality with solutions that boost customer experiences and operational efficiency
What's new
Explore new capabilities and the latest technologies
Customer success stories
Learn how customers around the world accelerate their cloud
Pricing overview & tools
AWS Pricing
Learn about pricing and plans in one place
AWS Pricing Calculator
Estimate the cost for your architecture solution
AWS Free Tier
Get free, hands-on experience with AWS products and services
AWS Offers
Explore different offer programs to gain hands-on experience
AWS Savings Plans
Flexible pricing model offering lower prices
Single-product pricing
Amazon S3
Amazon Bedrock
Amazon RDS
Amazon EC2
Amazon SageMaker
Browse all product pricing
Learn
Documentation
Get detailed technical guides and references for all AWS services and tools
Training & Certification
Build and validate your AWS cloud skills and technical expertise
Cloud term glossary
Learn more about key cloud computing concepts
Whitepapers
Expand your knowledge of the cloud with expert guides and diagrams
Cloud fundamentals
Step-by-step instructions for common AWS tasks
Tutorials
Get started with step-by-step instructions
Connect & Support
Builder Center
Learn, build, and connect with builders in the AWS community
Events and webinars
Connect, collaborate, and learn from AWS experts in the cloud computing community
Partner Network
Collaborate with AWS partners to grow your business
Marketplace
Find, test, buy, and deploy third-party software
Support
Access proactive guidance, issue resolution, and helpful tools
Professional services
Accelerate business transformation with expert guidance and packaged solutions
AWS Blogs
Home
Blogs
Editions
AWS News Blog
Introducing the last cohort of AWS Heroes this year – November 2024
by Taylor Jacobsen on 06 NOV 2024 in Announcements, AWS Heroes, News Permalink Share
|
As we gear up ahead of AWS re:Invent 2024, we’re thrilled to announce our final cohort of new AWS Heroes! These individuals exemplify expertise and dedication to leveraging AWS technologies and sharing knowledge. Their contributions to the AWS community are greatly appreciated, and today we’re excited to celebrate them.
Ayyanar Jeyakrishnan – Bengaluru, India
Machine Learning Hero Ayyanar Jeyakrishnan is a Principal Engineer/Executive Director at Wells Fargo. He is a seasoned machine learning and cloud enthusiast with a strong focus on AWS technologies. Ayyanar’s expertise includes creating data platforms and architecting DevOps and MLOps solutions to streamline the deployment and management of machine learning models on AWS. He is passionate about sharing his knowledge and frequently speaks at industry events and community meetups on MLOps, generative AI, and machine learning applications.
Dzenana Dzevlan – Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Community Hero Dzenana Dzevlan is a co-founder and Technical Manager at allOps Solutions, an APN Partner company. She is an expert practice lecturer at International Burch University, and actively shares her knowledge in DevOps, generative AI, and other emerging technologies. Dzenana’s passion for technology extends beyond the classroom, as she actively mentors students in cloud and AI solutions. A dedicated advocate for diversity in tech, she champions women’s inclusion and empowerment in the industry. Through speaking engagements and mentorship programs, Dzenana inspires and equips the next generation of IT and cloud professionals.
Kenneth Attard – Valletta, Malta
Community Hero Kenneth Attard is an Enterprise Architect at Betsson Group in Malta with over 20 years of technical experience, including the past eight years specializing in AWS Cloud networking, security, and governance. As the leader of the AWS Malta User Group and organizer of the Malta AWS Community Day, Kenneth is passionate about fostering knowledge and learning among cloud enthusiasts and professionals. He is also a frequent speaker at both local and international events, including AWS Cloud Days, AWS Summits, and AWS Community Days across multiple countries.
Marcin Sodkiewicz – Wrocław, Poland
Serverless Hero Marcin Sodkiewicz is a Principal Software Engineer at Ryanair. He has been there since 2016 and was part of a giant technological leap, from the data center into the cloud and teams building with a serverless-first mindset. Over those years, he has seen and learned a lot—especially the difference the cloud makes in quickly delivering high-quality, scalable, reliable, and profitable software. The profitability aspect is super important to him, as he works at a low-cost airline with a mission of “making travel affordable for everyone,” which matches his interest in building cost-optimized solutions that bring competitive advantages. Marcin blogs and talks about AWS through the lens of his favorite topics: event-driven and serverless architectures, resiliency, cost optimization, and observability. Additionally, he is one of the organizers of the AWS User Group in his city – Wrocław.
Stephen Sennett – Melbourne, Australia
Community Hero Stephen Sennett is a Senior Consultant at Kinetic IT in Australia. As an experienced cloud technologist, he has worked with AWS for over a decade as an architect, consultant, engineer, and educator. Stephen was a member of the AWS Community Builders program between 2021 and 2024, acting as a mentor to others in the AWS community, and serving as a public speaking coach for upcoming thought leaders through the AWS New Voices program. He is an experienced keynote speaker, delivering sessions at AWS Community Days, AWS Summits, and other tech conferences around the world. Outside of his professional role, Stephen is an active volunteer emergency management officer, and non-profit board director.
Vadym Kazulkin – Bonn, Germany
Serverless Hero Vadym Kazulkin is Head of Development at ip.labs GmbH (a Fujifilm subsidiary), and brings over two decades of Java ecosystem expertise. His current focus is designing and implementing highly scalable AWS Cloud applications, with a passion for serverless architecture. As co-organizer of the Java User Group Bonn meetup, Vadym actively shares his knowledge at local and international events, including AWS and Java meetups, conferences, AWS Community Days, and ServerlessDays. He values community engagement, both for sharing insights and continuous learning in cloud and serverless technologies.
Learn More
Visit the AWS Heroes website if you’d like to learn more about the AWS Heroes program, or to connect with a Hero near you.
— Taylor
Taylor Jacobsen
Taylor is the AWS Heroes Program Manager who extends her support to the AWS Community Builders. She is passionate about creating the best possible experience for the customer. Outside of work, she is connected to gaming communities, and is an active Elder Scrolls Online (ESO) player.
Resources
Getting Started
What's New
Top Posts
Official AWS Podcast
Case Studies
AWS re:Post
Follow
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitch
RSS Feed
Email Updates
Create an AWS account
Learn
What Is AWS?
What Is Cloud Computing?
What Is Agentic AI?
Cloud Computing Concepts Hub
AWS Cloud Security
What's New
Blogs
Press Releases
Resources
Getting Started
Training
AWS Trust Center
AWS Solutions Library
Architecture Center
Product and Technical FAQs
Analyst Reports
AWS Partners
Developers
Builder Center
SDKs & Tools
.NET on AWS
Python on AWS
Java on AWS
PHP on AWS
JavaScript on AWS
Help
Contact Us
File a Support Ticket
AWS re:Post
Knowledge Center
AWS Support Overview
Get Expert Help
AWS Accessibility
Legal
English
Back to top
Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age.
Privacy
Site terms
Cookie Preferences
© 2026, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.