url: https://www.khaleejtimes.com/business/adgms-financial-regulator-fines-firm-122500
final_url: https://www.khaleejtimes.com/business/adgms-financial-regulator-fines-firm-122500
fetched_at: 2026-09-13T14:25:23+00:00
status: ok
http_status: 200
title: UAE: Company fined Dh450,000 for violating trading, investment rules | Khaleej Times
error: 
---
UAE: Company fined Dh450,000 for violating trading, investment rules | Khaleej Times
Sun, Sep 13, 2026 | Rabi al-Thani 2, 1448 | Fajr 04:46|DXB 33.4°C
E-Paper
Sign In
Forex
Gold
VOICE OF THE UAE. SINCE 1978
Gratuity Calculator
Prayer
VOICE OF THE UAE. SINCE 1978
UAE
Transport
Crime
Education
Legal
Weather
Emergencies
Jobs
Gratuity Calculator
KT Engage
UAE Holidays
Banking in UAE
Visa & Immigration
Living in the UAE
Schools & Parents
Ramadan 2026
Global Indians
Voices of the UAE
WORLD
GCC
Asia
Supplements
BUSINESS
Galadari BrothersPaid Program
Innovation CityPaid Program
Investing
Real Estate
Energy
Aviation
Leadership Lists
KT Network
TECH
BTR
LIFE
Sports
Entertainment
Food
Travel
Beauty & Health
Fashion
KT LUXE
Dubai Dining Diaries
KT PLUS
KT EVENTS
FWF Summit
UniExpo
BIT Summit
Women's Power Summit
NAFA-8th Edition
Desert Drive 2026
Futuresec
SUBSCRIPTIONS
WEATHER
Follow us
Download our Mobile App
iOS
Android
SEARCH
SEARCH
Home
/
Business
UAE: Company fined Dh450,000 for violating trading, investment rules
Acknowledging the violation, Sarwa reportedly reversed all committed subscriptions upon being informed of the authority's concerns
PUBLISHED: Tue 21 May 2024, 4:50 PM UPDATED: Tue 21 May 2024, 11:10 PM
By:
A Staff Reporter
Add as a preferred
source on Google
Share:
An online investment and trading platform has been fined nearly Dh450,000 for offering securities without an approved prospectus, Abu Dhabi authorities announced on Tuesday.
Sarwa Digital Wealth has been ordered to pay a Dh449,881 penalty after the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (FSRA) of the Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM) found that it violated regulations.
Recommended For You
UAE foils 2 operations to smuggle people across border, arrests suspects
Saudi East-West ⁠oil pipeline was temporarily shut down after attacks: Ministry
Abu Dhabi announces speed limit reduction on E311 starting Sept 14
2 injured in Houthi attack on Saudi Arabia's Jazan region; damage at mosque, buildings
Speeding motorcycle rams into vehicle on Sharjah road; police warn against tailgating
Prior to making an offer in the ADGM, a company should get a prospectus approved by the FSRA. A prospectus is a document that shows all necessary data that can help an investor make an informed decision.
An FSRA investigation found that Sarwa - in and around April and May 2023 - offered an opportunity to invest in securities related to a number of shares of its parent entity to its network of clients and registered users of its application. It did this by:
Distributing communications to a significant number of potential investors containing information on the terms of the offer and the securities offered, to enable investors to buy or subscribe to the offer
Maintaining a website publishing further information in relation to the offer
Engaging in further communication with potential investors to provide additional information and to facilitate subscriptions
Without a prospectus, potential investors to whom Sarwa made the offer were not provided with sufficient information about the investment. Some 144 investors subscribed to the offer and committed approximately $2.1 million, a statement said.
Besides the penalty, the FSRA has also ordered Sarwa to review its governance arrangements.
Firm takes action
Acknowledging the violation, Sarwa reportedly reversed all committed subscriptions upon being informed of the FSRA's concerns.
The company also agreed to settle penalty immediately, so it was able to avail of a discount. A further reduction was given in recognition of the regulatory action taken by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA).
The FSRA's investigation was conducted in close coordination with the DFSA, which investigated a related licensed firm in the Dubai International Financial Centre.
“This enforcement action demonstrates the FSRA's robust regulatory approach to its regulatory framework, ensuring investor protection is of paramount importance and making sure all regulated entities maintain high standards of conduct," said Emmanuel Givanakis, chief executive officer of the FSRA.
Dubai
Newsletters
Abu Dhabi
MOST POPULAR
1
Wall St Week Ahead: Investors brace for possible rate hike at uncertain Fed meeting
2
UAE gold price today: 24K drops to Dh522 per gram as dollar strengthens
3
Gold price in Dubai rises as traders await US inflation data for Fed rate clues
4
Dubai gold prices drop as US-Iran tension escalates
5
Gold seen holding above $4,400 as geopolitics offset rate risks
UAE
World
Business
Tech
Life
About Us
Advertise with Us
About Galadari Group
Follow us
Download our Mobile App
iOS
Android
Contact us
Privacy Notice
Corrections
Sitemap
©2026 Galadari Printing and Publishing LLC. All rights reserved.