url: https://www.sarwa.co/en/disclaimer-notice
final_url: https://www.sarwa.co/en/disclaimer-notice
fetched_at: 2026-09-13T14:25:10+00:00
status: ok
http_status: 200
title: Sarwa | Disclaimer Notice
error: 
---
Sarwa | Disclaimer Notice
عربىTalk to our teamHelp Desk
Try us out
Trade
Invest
SavePricing
Discover
Sign In
Try us out
Trade
Invest
Save
Pricing
Discover
Sign InTry us out
Disclaimer notice
Last updated: 28 Jan 2025
Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited
Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited is regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (“FSRA”) in the Abu Dhabi Global Markets (“ADGM”) and holds a Category 3C license with a Retail Client Endorsement and Holding and Controlling Clients Investments and Money Endorsement providing arranging, financial advisory and managing assets services.
https://www.adgm.com/public-registers/fsra/fsf/sarwa-digital-wealth-capital-limited
Sarwa is not a bank. We can unlock high-yield accounts through our banking partners.
Important Information
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Historical returns, expected returns, and probability projections are provided for informational and illustrative purposes and may not reflect actual future performance.
The information on this website is general in nature and should not be considered as investment advice, as it does not consider your financial objectives or personal circumstances. You should do your own due diligence before making any decision that may impact your financial situation and you should have an investment strategy that reflects your risk profile and goals. If you are unsure as to whether an investment is suitable for you, please seek professional advice before proceeding. Some products and services may not be legally available to residents of certain countries and jurisdictions.
Sarwa may provide information or tools to assist clients in investing in securities classified as Sharia-compliant by a third party. However, interpretations of Sharia compliance may vary. Sarwa does not provide advice on Sharia-related matters, engage a Sharia advisor, or guarantee the Sharia compliance of any investments.
Sarwa is not authorised to advise on Islamic Financial Business or operate as an Islamic Financial Institution. Clients must seek independent advice from a qualified Sharia advisor.
Sarwa may receive commission payments from its broker partners in connection with client transactions executed through the platform. Such commission arrangements are entirely separate from, and do not increase, the fees or charges payable by clients. These arrangements do not affect the nature, quality, or impartiality of the services provided by Sarwa and do not give rise to any conflict of interest between Sarwa and its clients.
Cryptocurrency carries a significant level of risk, including extreme price volatility, flash crashes, market manipulation, operational failures, and cybersecurity threats. Regulatory requirements for cryptocurrency continue to evolve and may change without notice; you are solely responsible for understanding and complying with all applicable laws and regulations. Cryptocurrency trading can result in substantial, immediate, and permanent loss of capital. You should only trade cryptocurrency if you have the necessary knowledge, experience, and risk tolerance to withstand these risks.
Data shared from third parties is obtained from what are considered reliable sources, however, cannot be guaranteed. This website may contain links to external websites or resources ("Third-Party Links") that are provided for your convenience and informational purposes only. Such Third-Party Links do not signify endorsement, approval, or responsibility by us for the content, accuracy, or practices of these linked sites.
All investing involves risk, including the possible loss of money you invest.
Financial promotions
All information, opinion and comment on this website is issued by Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited, unless otherwise stated. To the extent that any material on this website constitutes a financial promotion, such financial promotion is issued by Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited and is intended only for jurisdictions where it is authorised to provide services and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to provide services in any jurisdiction where it is not permitted to do so.
Blogs and knowledge tools
The information presented within any blog found on this website ("Blog") is intended purely to offer general insights on topics of interest, catering to the reader's personal consumption and must not be construed as advice. Any opinions expressed are our opinion at the time of writing and are subject to change without notice.
The reader acknowledges and assumes complete responsibility for the utilisation of this information.
Application of the Disclaimer Notice
Please take a moment to carefully read and understand the contents of this Disclaimer Notice (“Notice”). If you do not agree with any aspect of this Notice, we recommend that you refrain from using our website/services. This Notice provides information on our regulation and authorisations and your continued use of our website/services signifies your acceptance of the terms outlined in this Notice.
Changes to Notice
The Firm reserves the right to modify, update, or remove any part of this Notice at any time without prior notice. It is your responsibility to review this Notice periodically for any changes.
Historic Business
Sarwa Digital Wealth Limited
Sarwa Digital Wealth Limited was regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”) until 14 June 2024, in the Dubai International Financial Center (“DIFC”) and held a Category 4 license with a Retail Client Endorsement, providing arranging and Financial advisory services.
https://www.dfsa.ae/public-register/firms/sarwa-digital-wealth-limited
HomeInvestTrade
SavePricing
AboutWho we areContact
DiscoverBlogRetirement calculator
AboutWho we areContact
Quick linksData managementCareersFAQsPrivacy PolicyDisclaimer NoticeSign InSign up
عربى
Socials
عربى
Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited is regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (“FSRA”) in the Abu Dhabi Global Markets (“ADGM”) and holds a Category 3C license with a Retail Client and Holding and Controlling Clients Investments and Money Endorsement. Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited’s registered address is 16-104 & 16-114, 16th Floor, Al Khatem Tower, Abu Dhabi Global Market, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
https://www.adgm.com/public-registers/fsra/fsf/sarwa-digital-wealth-capital-limited
All Promotional materials are provided from/by Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited and is intended only for jurisdictions where it is authorised to provide services and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to provide services in any jurisdiction where it is not permitted to do so. Sarwa is not a bank. We can unlock high-yield accounts through our banking partners. Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all customers and may involve the potential of losing the entire investment in a relatively short period of time. Sarwa does not hold an Islamic Window endorsement from the Financial Services Regulatory Authority (FSRA). Clients are advised to conduct their own due diligence to ensure that investments align with their personal requirements.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Historical returns, expected returns, and probability projections are provided for informational and illustrative purposes and may not reflect actual future performance. Information contained on this website is of a general nature only and does not consider your financial objectives or personal circumstances. All investing involves risk, including the possible loss of money you invest.
Please visit our Disclaimer Notice page for further information.
© 2020-2026 Sarwa Digital Wealth (Capital) Limited. All rights reserved.